c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\AmbientDbContext.exe.config
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\AmbientDbContext.exe
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\AmbientDbContext.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\BLL.Interface.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\BLL.Interface.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\obj\Debug\AmbientDbContext.exe
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\obj\Debug\AmbientDbContext.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\obj\Debug\AmbientDbContextConsole.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\AmbientDbContext.cs.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\AmbientDbContext.Interface.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\DAL.Interface.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\ORM.dll
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\AmbientDbContext.cs.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\AmbientDbContext.Interface.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\DAL.Interface.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\ORM.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AmbientDbContext\AmbientDbContext\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
